There were a lot of people who asked me about
Fran's shrine there are a lot of
people who asked me why I didn't go
there to help or what happened Great that in the
end the shrine was saved I didn't
express myself much on the subject of
Frank's shrine and I didn't say much and it's
true that a lot of people told me plex What
kind of friend are you why haven't you
helped him Why don't you do man yes he has eh I mean
he went on the live
here in public I say eh Because in
private I know that he does eh And I've also
seen him post stories several times don't
think that everything that is made public
on the internet or everything that is the internet is
real life I mean the internet is not
real life that I may not have
made a video I'm not making a video
talking about Frank or I may not post a
tweet publicly as I find out doesn't
mean that I'm not worried that I
'm not crazy that I'm not trying to
help okay like I spoke to Frank
and I said Frank I just found out about
this at the beginning it's like I had
asked him for a million I think Yuji had asked for
a million  turkeys I offered Fran
absolutely all the money to
do it and he never wanted help. How
bad what happened with yji And what a heavy
guy nobody saw it coming eh